All the visible stuff in our solar system including sun, planets and a billion asteroids fill up less than a trillionth of the available space.
The distance to the edge of our solar system is 50,000 times the distance to Pluto.
Humans make up 0.01% of Earth’s life.
The average human is estimated to have an average of 6000 thoughts per day.
We tend to overthink at night because during the day our brain doesn’t have time to process our thoughts.
Multitasking is impossible. When we think we are multitasking, we are in fact switching back-and-forth between tasks. Slow down, you've got time.
An estimated 75% of our brain is made up of water.
There are over 100,000 chemical reactions happening in your brain… every second.
Moonbows are rainbows cast by moonlight. Pretty cool.
Life will give you whatever experience is most helpful for the evolution of your consciousness. How do you know this is the experience you need? Because this is the experience you are having at the moment. ~ Ekhart Tolle
Walking. I am listening to a deeper way. Suddenly all my ancestors are behind me. Be still, they say. Watch and listen. You are the result of the love of thousands. ~ Linda Hogan
Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside awakens. ~ Carl Jung
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. ~ Pema Chodron
There are more stars in space than grains of sand on earth, and we are only one planet orbiting one of them...
The fig wasp and the fig. Honestly just read about this incredible feat of nature. It's insane.
Everything you are experiencing now has been experienced by millions before. You are not alone.
Even a stopped clock tells the right time twice a day ~ Withnail & I
Don’t ignore the good little things, give them space and time. 
There is always time.
Two things prevent us from happiness; living in the past and observing others. 
When you hear an owl twit-twoo. It is two owls talking to each other. One calling twit. The other twoo. 
The moon goes through phases just like us but we still gaze at her with awe.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. ~ Albert Einstein
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. ~ Steve Jobs
Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny. ~ Lao-Tze
The humble hug is incredibly powerful. 
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it. ~ Charles Swindoll
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. ~ Buddha
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. ~ John Lennon
Don't take life too seriously.